Who started Namami Gange?

What do you mean by Namami Gange?

When was Namami Gange programme initiated?

Which states are included in Namami Gange project?

Where is Namami Gange project located?

Who launched clean Ganga project?

Who is the mascot of Namami Gange?

Is Namami Gange successful?

What are the five objectives of Namami Gange program?

How many projects are there in Namami Gange?

Which NGO is working for Ganga cleaning?

Which companies are working for Namami Gange project?

Who is the director of Namami Gange?

What is Namami Gange project in Bihar?

What are the benefits of Namami Gange project?

Namami Gange Programme

Creating Sewerage Treatment Capacity in Namami Gange

Creating River-Front Development in Namami Gange

River Surface Cleaning in Namami Gange

Bio-Diversity Conservation in Namami Gange

Afforestation in Namami Gange

what is NMCG

Public Awareness in Namami Gange

Industrial Effluent Monitoring in Namami Gange

Ganga Gram in Namami Gange

National Mission for Clean Ganga (NMCG)

The Act envisages five tier structure at national, state and district level to take measures for prevention, control and abatement of environmental pollution in river Ganga and to ensure continuous adequate flow of water so as to rejuvenate the river Ganga 

The Director General (DG) of NMCG

Annual Report Namami Gange

Ganga - A National River

Namami Gange Locations

Namami Gange total distance covered

Ganga Basin Climate

Course of Ganga Basin

Ganga River Basin Management Plan

Ganga Vision

Major Policy Initiatives Under NGRBA

External Funding

Funding Mechanism

Hydrology of Ganga Basin

Pollution Threat

Physiographic Aspects of Ganga Basin

Soil Charcterstices of Ganga Basin

Demography of Ganga Basin

Namami Gange Programme

Namami Gange mascot

Pollution of the Ganges or Ganga

Causes of pollution of the Ganges or Ganga

Human Waste in the Ganges or Ganga

Industrial waste in the Ganges or Ganga

Religious traditions in the Ganges or Ganga

Dams and pumping stations in the Ganges or Ganga

Statistics of the pollution in the Ganges or Ganga

Effects on Marine Life in Ganges or Ganga

Effects on wildlife in Ganges or Ganga

Effects on Human beings

Ganga Mahasabha

Ganga Action Plan

National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA)

2010 Government clean-up campaign

Namami Gange Mission-II

Ganga Manthan

Nigamanand

G. D. Agrawal
